God Lord God Lord
You let me go
I don't dare anymore.
Your Majesty, I went back and told your mother
You said Rongrong
Did my mother beg you the same way back then?
It's over.
This life is blood for blood
Don't don't kill me
Don't kill me!
All this
It's all money he did for me
The daughter of a small family that has nothing to do with me
To join the wealthy
Please murder my creature
Assault should be punished
Come on Wang fried
Liquor, rent, even cooking
Master Shen, I was wrong
I didn't know you were a god
I will be a cow and a horse for you.
If you spare me, I don't need Chen Zhen.
Deceiving the king to help the curse is a grievance
Harming the people
Fu Jiudu's third announcement haha
Hahahaha
Master Shen didn't know how Su Yuying would deal with it
I am the god of war of Kunlun Temple
use influence for personal gain
abuse of power
Three views are not correct
Black and white
He asked Tianmen Ben Gong to promise for three years
See the after-effect
Yes
wonderful sound
Rollo demon
Am I dreaming?
Today I announce as the Lord God of Tianmen
Tang Miaoyin is the Tianmen Tianhao
Yandu Tang family
Receiving Heaven's Gate Must Bless the Thirty-six Courtyard of the Fourth Hall
When giving full support to the Lord
Ling Pai